README.en.md, before:

🇸🇦 النسخة العربية متوفرة [هنا](README.md)
![Joseph Empire Preview](assets/joseph-empire-preview.png)

# 💰 Budget Analyzer | Streamlit-based Budget Analysis App 📊

An interactive Streamlit application to analyze financial data quickly and intuitively — ideal for personal use, demos, or small business reporting.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

[🔗 Launch the App](https://data-analysis-devops-ajjiwigrbjayb86vtzed6e.streamlit.app)

🎥 For a lightweight viewer experience:  
[🧪 Demo Mode](https://data-analysis-devops-ajjiwigrbjayb86vtzed6e.streamlit.app/?mode=demo)

---

## 🧩 Key Features

- 📂 Upload and analyze CSV files instantly
- 🧪 Use built-in sample data when no file is uploaded
- 🖼️ Clean welcome page with logo and launch options
- 🔁 Quick access to demo data from the sidebar
- 🧹 Session reset button to clear uploaded/temporary data
- 📈 Interactive charts with Plotly and custom colors
- 💾 Export results as CSV or Excel
- 🧾 Generate a PDF report directly from the dataframe
- 🎥 "Demo Mode" for presentation without the sidebar

---

## 🖼️ App Screenshot

![App Screenshot](assets/screenshot.png)

---

## 🛠️ Run the App Locally

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AhmedEltayfy/data-analysis-devops.git
cd data-analysis-devops
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run streamlit_app.py

Commit message:

docs: add Streamlit deployment badge to English README

README.en.md, after:

🇸🇦 Arabic version available [here](README.md)  
![Joseph Empire Preview](assets/joseph-empire-preview.png)  
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-PDF-blue)](assets/BudgetAnalyzer_Documentation_AhmedElTayfy.pdf) 
[![Streamlit](https://static.streamlit.io/badges/streamlit_badge_black_white.svg)](https://data-analysis-devops-ajjiwigrbjayb86vtzed6e.streamlit.app)

📚 [View documentation on GitHub Wiki](../../wiki)

# 💰 Budget Analyzer | Streamlit-based Budget Analysis App 📊

An interactive Streamlit application that helps you analyze your budget quickly and professionally — ideal for personal finance, demos, or small business reporting.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

[🔗 Launch the App](https://data-analysis-devops-ajjiwigrbjayb86vtzed6e.streamlit.app)

📎 For a presentation-friendly layout:  
[🎥 Demo Mode](https://data-analysis-devops-ajjiwigrbjayb86vtzed6e.streamlit.app/?mode=demo)

---

## 🧩 Key Features

- 📂 Instantly analyze uploaded CSV files  
- 🧪 Built-in sample data if no file is uploaded  
- 🖼️ Elegant welcome screen with app overview and logo  
- 🔁 Demo data button for quick testing  
- 🧹 Session reset without page reload  
- 📈 Interactive charts with Plotly and custom color schemes  
- 💾 Export results as CSV or Excel  
- 🧾 PDF report generation with Arabic support  
- 🎥 Presentation Mode that hides the sidebar  

---

## 🖼️ App Screenshot

![App Screenshot](assets/screenshot.png)

---

## 🛠️ Run Locally

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AhmedEltayfy/data-analysis-devops.git
cd data-analysis-devops
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run streamlit_app.py
